README.md, before:

# MY PHOTO ORGANIZER

## What is it?
This is a simple script that helps me work with the photos extracted from my camera. Right now is very specific for my purposes, as I only allow for the filenames that my camera automatically create (_MG_imgnumber), so it won't work for all cases. However, it is very easy to change for your own case

I also plan to add a possibility to specify a default file name so this script can be used more generally.
In the future (maybe) i will do some GUI design to make this script more user friendly

## How it works

1. Give it a folder full of photos (in my case i usually have somewhere from 100 to a 1000 photos per session). It can have multiple file extensions (.cr2 and .jpg in my case)
2. Create 3 subfolders: raw, edited and selected. 
3. Inside "raw", you need 2 things:
   1. Create a new folder for each 
   2. Create a .txt file called "blacklist.txt" inside the raw subfolder
4. Look through your photos and select the ones that you can't use (blurry, closed eyes, etc) and write their number in a .txt file (e.g. if picture "_MG_4043" is wrong, then write 4043). Note: if you want to delete a bunch of consecutive pictures (e.g pictures 10,11,12,...,25) just write the first and last one separated by a dash (e.g. 10-25) and the program does it for you
5. Input the .txt file into the program and let it do its thing

## Future additions
- Possibility to create the folder containing all photos instead of inputting it
- Filter the selection photos in a similar way as deleting the bad ones (through .txt list)
- Add GUI to interact with all elements, with the option of having an image viewer
- Generalize for any naming convention (so it can be used in any case, not only for my camera lol)

Commit message:

added 2 functions: - create_template: creates all folders given the name and the extensions - move_selected: moves selection of photos from whitelist.txt to the "selected" folder
also improved the readme

README.md, after:

# MY PHOTO ORGANIZER

## What is it?
This is a simple script that helps me work with the photos extracted from my camera. Right now is very specific for my purposes, as I only allow for the filenames that my camera automatically creates (_MG_imgnumber), so it won't work for all cases. However, it is very easy to change for your own case

I also plan to add a possibility to specify a default file name so this script can be used more generally.
In the future (maybe) i will do some GUI design to make this script more user friendly

## How it works

1. Have a folder full of photos (in my case i usually have somewhere from 100 to a 1000 photos per session). It can have multiple file extensions (.cr2 and .jpg in my case)
2. Create 3 subfolders: raw, edited and selected. Also create a "blacklist.txt" and "whitelist.txt" for the photos to be deleted and the ones to be kept
3. Inside "raw", you need 2 things:
   1. Create a new folder for each file extension
4. Look through your photos and select the ones that you can't use (blurry, closed eyes, etc) and write their number in blacklist.txt file (e.g. if picture "_MG_4043" is wrong, then write 4043). Note: if you want to delete a bunch of consecutive pictures (e.g pictures 10,11,12,...,25) just write the first and last one separated by a dash (e.g. 10-25) and the program does it for you
5. Input the .txt file into the program and let it do its thing

## Future additions
- Possibility to create all folders with this program instead of inputting it
- Filter the selected photos in a similar way as deleting the bad ones (through .txt list)
- Add GUI to interact with all elements, with the option of having an image viewer
- Generalize for any naming convention (so it can be used in any case, not only for my camera lol)
